Amanda can't find Betty's number. Amanda will ask Larry. He called Betty last time they were at the park together. Hannah doesn't know Larry well. Amanda will text Larry.
Eric and Rob are watching a stand-up of Eric's. Eric and Rob will watch some of his stand-ups on youtube.
Lenny wants to buy two pairs of purple trousers. Bob recommends the first pair or the third pair.
Emma will be home soon. Will will pick her up.
Jane lost her calendar. Ollie and Jane have lunch this week and Friday. Jane will be in Morocco at 6 pm. Ollie will bring some sun with her. Jane will be in Warsaw at 6 pm tomorrow. Ollie will bring pastries.
Hilary has the keys. Elliot and Daniel will meet Hilary at lunchtime and take the keys and take a nap. Hilary will meet some French people at the entrance to the conference hall at 2 pm and they will go to La Cantina.
Payton likes shopping but he doesn't like to buy everything he likes. Max will check out the websites.
Rita is tired and is falling asleep at work. Tina and Rita hate their work.
Beatrice is in town shopping. They have nice scarfs in the shop next to the church. Leo doesn't need one. He had a cold all the time last winter. Beatrice will buy him a scarf.
Eric is coming to the wedding. Eric has a lot to do at home and he doesn't know if his parents will let him. Ivan will take care of Eric's parents.
Wanda and Gina are going to make a party on Friday.
Martin won two cinema tickets online. He wrote a short review on Facebook and will see the new film with Redford till the end of the week.
Charlee is in class. She is preparing a performance in Portuguese. The writer is Mroek.
Ella rented a car.
Paul is looking for a new Netflix family member. Luke will send Paul the login and password on Sunday. Luke will send Paul the bank account details. Paul is on holidays with his girlfriend. Paul has been there less than 8 days.
Greg needs to stay after hours. Betsy can't pick Johnny up. She needs to work long hours today.
Ethan, Toby and Marshall are making fun of Scott.
Igor has a lot of work to do at work. John advises Igor to stop thinking and start doing.
Neela is watching Dear White People on Netflix. It's about a fictional Ivy League University and the students in one House of Residence. It's about a radio show about black students there. Neela will watch it soon.
Mike's car crashed into a red Honda looking like Ernest's.
Beth's mother is 40. Deirdre is looking for Saturday girls. Beth wants to try a bit of work experience in the salon. Deirdre wants Beth to try the beauty therapy. Beth will meet Maxine tomorrow after school.
Emma is going to take the exam. Gloria recommends her a website with some rules and texts from previous years. Emma has 4 hours for all 4 parts.
May is depressed and doesn't want to go out for a beer. She doesn't want to see a specialist. Karen will call a psychologist.
Anne saw Mark's passport and she was shocked.
Wharton's birthday is next week. They will buy him a present. They will ask him twice to get office equipment.
Kelly is in a sculpture garden in Finnland. She is scared of the sculptures. Mickey and Jessica are going to Nagoro village in Japan.
Myah sends Selah a photo of the phone number.
Bella's boss appreciated the decision to dismiss the request of a client.
Emma is at the rare bus. She will have a nap even though there are some free seats. They are going to arrive to NY around 4.30 PM. Ben will wake her up around 4.15.
Jesse and Melvin are going to do something for the less fortunate this year. They will chip in for the 3rd wish list.
Carter will lend Mary some boxes. He will be at the train station in an hour.
Paula is going to ask Charlotte how to pronounce 'Natal lily'.
Jack and May will have cocktails later.
Margaret has a headache. Jack advises her to rest.
Serge is on his way to the film equipment for tonight's shooting. He has an outstanding bill to pay with the company. He will let Andrei know if it works out.
Janice's son wants to get a hamster for his birthday. Martina has one for her son and it stank up the whole house.
Daniel, Mary and Lucas have played DA II. Daniel is trying to get used to the mechanics. Lucas played DA II.
Judy is attracted to jerks. Andrew was a jerk and he wanted to fuck her. Bruce is not a jerk.
Chloe is on TV. James finds it.
Tina is impressed by the Emirate staff. Ala is on her way to a meeting.
Sebastian has been living in New York for a year. He has learned more than he has ever before. He has a partner who he loves. Kevin wants to win lottery.
Son will come home this weekend. His mother misses him. Frank will tell his mother that he will come.
Ola is in Cuba. She is not in touch with Kate. Momo has recovered from an injury and frolicking again. Kate recommends Ola to buy a Cuban blouse. Ola will try to find one.
Ann doesn't have John's number. Mike should ask Mary.
Joseph sends Ella a photo of tween cows.
Jack has taken Josh's notebook home. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Adele got a new dog. She called him Bones.
Kristian and Tabora are playing games. They are going to watch films.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broke's. She will come round at 10 tonight.
Petra is sleepy. She is angry at Ezgi and the fat woman from HR.
Nick and Jane are going to meet for a drink.
Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy. Tim told them that Tim is gay. Adam made a complete idiot out of himself defending Tim against him.
Lilly will be late. Gabriel will order pasta with salmon and basil for her.
Celine is not at home. Cara will come to her in the evening.
Craig needs Derek's help with his computer. Derek will come to his car in 20 minutes.
Abigail's smog alert app is showing that the norms have been exceeded by 30% today. Emma needs to install the app.
Paul wants to buy red roses. Cindy recommends red roses.
Jenny left her credit card at Mary's shop. She will pick it up whenever she comes.
Lara will come to Tom's birthday party at 5 pm. Gary will buy the cake and balloons.
Paul is almost there. Laura is waiting for him 15 minutes. Paul is sorry for waiting.
Hugh likes the latest cat meme.
Matt, Oliver and Peter got into Stanford. Peter has to look for another university.
Jake doesn't have English today. Smith called in sick, they couldn't find a replacement.
Brandon lost his credit card. Luke is broke. Ian will lend him $ 100.
Inez, Alicja, Gosia and Patrycja are planning to go to a new restaurant on Wednesday.
Ana and Catherine will go to visit grandma tomorrow.
Joyce is looking for a cheap ticket. Edson is booking his ticket now.
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance at 4:30 instead of 5.
Suzanne is working hard at work. Morgan has two tickets to Maroon 5 playing at the Hulu Theater at Madison Square Garden next week.
Julia has read Die again. Liam has heard that the city library is organizing a meeting with Tess.
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. Mohammad will bring it to uni tomorrow.
Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant tomorrow. Linda loves pasta and brownie.
Anna invites everyone to her birthday party on 6th November at 1930.
Mia will go out after work tonight. Elliot will pick her up.
Jayden is not a woman. He wants to have sex and wait for a baby. Brennan is a man who would help him.
Steve informs Gulab that the USA won last night. England will play Croatia tomorrow at 2:00.
John is coming in 10 minutes. Ela will give him her walle outside. John's phone is busy.
Mary is doing an online job. Mark's sister is jealous of her. She is trying to contact the people she is working for.
Fiona is making a tart for Chris. Tina will help her. Fiona bought the crust and she hasn't finished it yet.
Clare is not in town. Annette is home sick. Oli and James are going to Jesus bar from around 9.15. Anne double booked herself. Oli cycled around the bar.
Ryan and Sebastian are angry about the Ukraine.
Zadie and Finn are going to visit the neighborhood called Elephant and Castle tomorrow. They will meet at 2 pm at the main entrance.
Jacob forgot to listen to the song Harry sent him 3 days ago. He will listen to it later tonight.
Max has to pee in his room. Max's roommate is coming.
Kim wants to buy a new sofa and pillows for her mom. Harry will tell her that grey is the best colour.
Josh needs to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi, Sony and Samsung.
Olafur and Nathalie are going to Tiffany's party for New Year's Eve. They will buy tickets soon.
Andy is watching Arrow B. He has a small quiz tomorrow. Andy will study for it tomorrow.
Kim is looking for fresh ramal fish in Warsaw. Margot suggests she should try the market at Polna street. She suggests she should check restaurants' menus. Kim will grill it for a special occasion.
Tom and Ben are going to fight in the Oval Room at 2 pm.
Ashleigh got a job.
Reed is angry because he called 5-8 of his friends and they aren't around or busy. Reed doesn't have tv, because his subscription expired and they want to pay for it. Reed is in bed. Reed's work tomorrow is off tomorrow.
Alivia is struggling with her thesis. She is trying to find research materials. She is not sure if she should write it or edit it.
Maddie is in Asda. John will buy white bread and apples for Gala.
Jordan is going to a funeral. Elliot will call Jordan at 8 pm tonight. Brad had liver cancer.
Flo can't go to the salon until the 6th. Gina wants to buy a touch-up kit for Flo.
Rob is at the grocery store and wants Ann to pick up his phone. Ann will buy some fruit and vegetables for supper and lunch tomorrow.
Melany hasn't got laid in a while.
Eric, Samantha and Noah's favorite professor is talking about the recent scandal on the news. Noah is the smartest person alive.
Jacky and David are talking about taking the blame for the mistakes they made yesterday. Jacky will call David when she gets home.
Rick is in Cancun for two days before flying to Havana. Rick will skype with Chris at 3 pm tomorrow.
Ying has 10 years to prove himself.
Missy gets out of work at 6. She will have drinks after dinner.
Adelle didn't clean the hamster cage. Pete is going to clean it after school.
Maya is in the pharmacy. Randolph will buy 5 pairs of earplugs.
David will buy his dad an iPad for Christmas. Jane will let him know when he'll be home.
Betty shared Isabella's work yesterday. Isabella wants to do something together.
Amy will get back to Hollie later.
Alex will join Huda and Alex for swimming in 2 hours.
Janet, Alison, Nicole, Cheryl, Buff, Linda, Roz, Leslie, Eric, Sue and Roz are angry at Donald Trump.
Rashi is confused about his career. He was discussing with his friends about the career options. He is confused about the career options. He will remember the teacher's advice.
Corbin wants to report school violence in Jungang high school. Dimitri will call Corbin now.
Joel is not a good technician. Pablo is on vacation this week. Cynthia or Elena might know someone who can fix PCs.
Ann's dad is turning 50. She wants to prepare a surprise party for him. Fiona suggests bungee jumping or parachute jump. Ann is planning a dinner with the whole family. Fiona suggests a team play. Ann's mum doesn't like military games.
Fatima and Jenson are going to a meeting about Alene. They are both friends. Alene has problems facing it.
Lisa needs Bob to clean the house. Bob will help her clean the bathroom.
luke and martial will meet at Carrington's office early to play the match tomorrow.
Emily sends Julie a photo of her Christmas.
Frederick and Ricky are annoyed by their neighbours.
Brenda used to work at the clothes factory. She has 4 grandchildren, 2 grandchildren, 4 grandchildren and 1 grandchild. Brenda's husband Bill died 5 years ago. Brenda and Bill had a great time dancing with the factory. Brenda and Sandra will meet next Saturday at 11 to go for lunch and a trip down memory lane.
John and Joan will go to see "A Star is Born" on Thursday at 8 pm.
George is trying to catch Donna. Donna has AIDS. George will meet Donna at George's place tonight.
Louis' mom is calling him. Fabian will see Louis.
Crystal is going shopping with her little boy. Irene will take him.
Tony sends Amy and Lucas a photo of a cute cat.
Matt got his ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo. Thomas will see Matt there. Thomas will ask Maria if she's coming.
Chris and his friends pushed some girls into the pool.
Jeff, Lia and Jim will go to the village party. They will drive.
Paul will couch the game on Saturday.
Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15. Jacob is at work till 5. Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15.
Jack is going to the casting. He will meet Ryan there.
Evelyn is going back home to France. She used to spend Christmas with her family but her parents separated a few months ago. Joanne's mother is devastated. Evelyn wants to bring her mother over to spend Christmas together.
Raul had a bad night yesterday and today morning. Jen had to go to a friend who broke up with her boyfriend. Raul was angry all the time and had weird dreams of his uncle.
Angie has severe stomach pain. Ms. Quinn will tell the doctor Angie is coming in an hour.
Kelvin and Naheeda will sit for their CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Linda, Ronnie and Karen are going to a pasta joint next to their apartment. They will wait for Amanda.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school around 4. Christine will take Marcel to the doctor after she's seen a doctor.
Cameron will not come home for another week. Peyton wants Cameron to deliver the video game.
Alicja's job interview is tomorrow. Willyx will let her know how it went.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy appointment. He will schedule a new appointment. Emma will be home after midnight. Paul will prepare some food for Emma.
Sean overslept.
Chris and Tom are going to a jacuzzi in their garden. They will bring swimming trunks and Tom's brother. They will watch something on TV. They will bring a TV outside. They have WiFi.
Harry needs to talk urgently to Ela. Cindy is a messenger service.
Mike didn't take the dog for a walk. Adam will take the dog with him.
Murphy is going to Poana on Tuesday and coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Gaia is at the university. She will have 6 exams this term.
Ms. Blair will go for a coffee at 2 pm at the coffee place near the square.
Jeff has a skin condition. He has been to the doctor recently. Tina has the same condition and takes meds on the daily.
Kristina is watching Tyra Banks on TV. Jannette is not home yet. Jannette is watching Tyra Banks.
Daniel is flying to Bologna today. He will stay at the airport for 2 hours. Simone will come to Bologna in December for a weekend.
Mike will call Dale in 2 hours.
Gemma is organizing a BBQ at the weekend. Timmy will bring some wine and some food. Gemma has a boyfriend.
Pat has a delay. She will come in the evening around 9 pm. She will walk around the city. Pat will tell Bart about her stage project tomorrow.
Erin will come over to Ashley's camp today to do the interview. Ashley is at the camp. Erin will meet Ashley at the restaurant.
Tommy will prepare a power point for the conference. He will have a prezi. He will pay $10 a month for academics.
Maxwell is grateful to Jeanice for her work. Maxwell and his kids like Jeanice. There was a problem with Marcus at school. Marcus got angry for stupid reasons. Maxwell and Jeanice will meet for a coffee.
Mike, Tom and Ben will go for a beer.
Leah went to the poetry reading last night. The guy introduced himself and started talking to her. He mentioned that they have something in common, because they both speak German. He googled her out, because he thought that she had a crush on him. Samantha would freak out.
Nicky is at Dave's place. Nicky's phone is off.
Ken wants his money back. Greg is a prankster.
Alexander sends Tom a message when he will be in a taxi. Tom arrived safely, although without luggages.
Asher and Shane are at a carnival party for children.
Ian left his green folder on the dining room table. Sophie will ask Alex where it is.
Simon will be free at 5. Adrian will talk to Simon.
Jen is going to tell the dickhead to move out. Jane is angry with her.
Dean and Poppy are going to meet tomorrow.
Gab and Kat will meet for a drink. Kat is busy at the moment. Gab wants to meet Kat in real life.
Agatha's presentation is ready as she speaks about economics.
Sally and Tim are going to the Imagine Dragons concert on 12 July. They will go together.
Andrew wants to take Bez's car to Krizingen. It showed "low brake fluid level" and he went only to the garage next to Willig. Bez is back on 21st in the evening. He needs to switch the heating on.
Laura is busy with a big project coming. Keith will tell her mum about the birthday gift she bought for her. Laura will cook her lasagna next Saturday.
Pegah is in class till 15:00 and then works from 17:00 till 21:30. He will be back at 22:00. Miriam invited a few people over and invited Pegah to join. Pegah will have a cup of tea with Miriam when he gets back.
Pam has to go shopping, cook and clean and doesn't have time to pick up the balloons from the store in the city centre. Robert will text her the address.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Tracy is not into that. Jody does charity 4 Christmas every year.
Max's latest project is good. Jim will listen to it when he gets home.
Shannon hasn't heard the new 30 seconds to mars album. Kane recommends Shannon to check it out.
Andy will visit Paul in about 1 hour. Andy has too much politics with Hannah's father.
Caroline is close to tugging on her testicles again.
Ron sent Josh an email.
Phoebe's mum is angry because she used her perfume and broke it. She's not going out today.
Rob and Eve will meet on Sunday. They will go to the stores open at 3 pm.
Betty and Sandra are happy with their new boyfriend. Sandra's ex messed up with her after 3 months. Sandra will be at Betty's place at 6. She will bring the wine.
Anna and Peter are discussing the app. Peter has 12 shirts, 10 pairs of trousers, and 6 jackets.
Dan got an injection with anaesthetic. It's not working anymore.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. Judah will call him if he is dead by the time he gets there.
Chloe hasn't watched the series yet. She will watch it during the weekend.
Lauren is thinking of getting a small bird tattoo on her leg. Nelly is afraid of pain. Tessie knows a couple of guys who do it.
Wendy's toilet is not draining well. Wendy hasn't flushed any tampons or pads down there. Wendy has to wait until next paycheck to fix it themselves.
Rowen drives on the left in his country.
Tom has to go to the island.
Emely needs to fill in the gaps in 10 sentences. Titus can't read the text, but he can see it on his phone.
Aldo sent Marco his article. Marco will print it and read it right now.
Harris' friend Aoki died yesterday. He hasn't seen her for a few months. She lives in Michigan. Harris will go to her mom's call.
Hannah has made New Year's resolutions. She's going to lose weight and exercise every day. She's going to learn how to cook and start meal prepping. She's going to find her future husband. She's going to start using dating apps. Brooklyn doesn't believe that a new year means a fresh start.
Trevor is having a problem with his father. He is in his bedroom doing it. He hasn't got any condoms. He is pulling out at the last moment. He is coming back to the house.
Julia and Gail like to spy on people. Julia is addicted to social media. Jessica is thinking about going on a diet. Gail is not.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. She wants to take Tom away from Anne.
Ella wants Barbara and Eva to confirm that Ella is coming and if Barbara has any dietary requirements. Barbara and Eva flled out for mom.
Sarah will arrive in New York this coming Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her gift.
Allison got a scholarship. She will celebrate it whenever she wants.
Sam finishes work at 5 and will bring Abdellilah over in the morning.
Betty and Phil are going to watch a thriller at the cinema tonight. They will meet at 6.30. They will have dinner together.
Robert is looking for a new job. Serge is looking for a job. Robert is looking for a new job.
Lily spent a night with Thomas, a Romanian from a very rich family. He works at the LSE in London.
Sam is looking for a black dress for his wife. Sarah fashion will help him choose the dress. Sam will place an order on the website with the product number 898998.
Kamden is not on Facebook anymore. He uses Facebook chat to keep up with good friends. Mckinley uses Facebook mostly to keep contact with people.
Mike is going to the gym and then home. Jason will come over and eat at home. Jason will play Destiny 2 on PS4.
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months. She got a new job and is moving to Ohio. Daisy will help her pack.
Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis and decide what studies to choose. He's interested in African studies but he's not sure he can make big money later on. He was thinking about working as a flight attendant. He can swim, Italian, Polish and German. He's even a water rescuer.
Alan found a whiskey with no sugar, no taste and cinnamon flavoring. Robert and Rob think it tastes surprisingly well.
Yaz and Mary are going to slimming club tonight. They will meet at 6 pm.
Ellie and Aaliyah are having their classes at 342 on the second floor. Camille is sick.
Aaron's cat's face looks like that when he's taking a dump. Dan sent it over.
William has been in que for 20 minutes. He will be back in 5 minutes.
Jake reserved 3 tickets for tomorrow at 7 pm and got a 30% discount on them.
Freddie, Kelly, Jim, Bob and Mike are watching Netflix. They are watching Outlander or The Tudors. Jim is watching I, Zombie. Bob is watching Grimm or Sabrina. Mike is watching House of Cards. Mike is watching House of Cards. Mary and Nancy enjoy Pretty Little Liars and Gossip Girl. Alan is catching up with Friends.
Toni and Sonia went to San Sebastian last year. They are planning to go there in a month. Toni recommends the airbnb place. Toni will contact the widow, who rents a room in the apartment.
Malik and Samantha are going to try a paleo diet and keto diet.
Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress. Phil couldn't close any deal because he was busy.
Nova and Dominic are surprised by the photoshoping of Timothée Chalamet.
Peter is busy with work. He does weights and runs on the treadmill. Lisa wants to stay in shape. Peter has a membership at the gym near their office. Lisa needs to eat better and sleep better.
Julia broke Tom's cup. She will buy him a new one.
Don is going to take his kids to the CSS tests today. He will check it later tonight. It's supposed to be a database of young hockey stars. Don will take his kids next time.
Jessica went to a second hand shop downtown. She bought a table, six chairs, a vase, a pile of clothes and a black dress. She paid 70 euros for all of it.
Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday. They will wear a coat and tie.
Lucian has just got Desiree's message. Desiree asked him about it. Lucian hasn't cooked anything.
Doug is excited about the shoes Jeni is wearing.
Tessa's boyfriend, Jim Andrews, is taken. Tessa is worried about him.
Emily and Marta will meet for a drink at the Pub X at the central station at 5.30.
Jane is allergic to peanuts and she's getting out of the hospital. She's getting out of the hospital. Anne and Ella ordered a cake and they ordered cheesecake. They ordered a cake and they were able to get the cake without any peanuts. Jane started swelling after the first bite. Anne and Anne are going to sue the place.
Railey will buy Tiffany a burger on her way home.
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister for Halloween. Connor got his costume today.
Mary stayed at home today.
Tom and Elena are few meters from Tom.
Mason sends Sophia a photo of a kiss. Mason will love Sophia the same.
Steffen is wheelchair-bound. Irene will give him a lift. Dan and Mr.Budd will give him a lift.
Jake, Margot and others are going for a research trip. They are going to Swazi. They changed the name of the country last year.
Christine has got the flu. She's not going to school tomorrow. Annie will drop some sachets through Christine's letterbox.
Jill called Bob's girlfriend and sent her pictures. Bob is angry because he left her.
Peter starts work on the 6th of July. Aggie will get a babysitter.
Maryam is at home. Aimee tried her father's number.
Paul will come to play basketball on Friday at 7 pm. Yousuf will help his sister with her car. Paul will bring some beers.
Rory and Mitch are thinking about signing up Bill for the International camp. Mitch will go to Croatia on Sunday the 29th. Rory will chip in for gas. Mitch will pick up Bill on a Flixbus around 10 am Sun.
Jones and Angelina will meet today later in the afternoon in town.
Fergie's national anthem is a great one. Derek saw it last week.
Lauren will call Pam tomorrow to let her know if she still needs her for tomorrow.
Harriette went ghost hunting once in high school. She found no ghosts.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev switched the computer on.
Dan will explain everything to Angela if she agrees to meet him at school later.
Shaldona is getting married. Piper is angry at her.
Paula and Ralph will meet in an hour with the new person.
Ania, Kasia, Jan and Zuzia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland.
Ema is coming to Harry in 5 minutes.
Jeff, Vladimir, Tanya and Donald are discussing the agreement.
Joe's job is causing him to burn out. Terry quit because he had trouble sleeping and had an ulcer.
Judy is going to Regents Street this weekend. She will go with Miranda and Helen.
Jamie, Marlo and Jimmy are going to do presentations in groups. They will talk to the man to make 3 presentations. They will have 3-4 people per team. They will divide them into 2 groups.
Nora has just talked on the phone to John's math teacher. John is in the park. Theresa and John are her mothers.
Louis saw a huge crowd outside the book shop today. He saw a new writer, Cole Grant, signing copies of his books. Sara is not a fan of Cole Grant.
Debbie is looking for a dress. Kelly recommends the red one and Denise recommends the green one. Kelly is considering buying the red one for herself.
Emilia is angry.
Mia needs to buy a flight ticket. Rebecca will help her. Tom will send her the link to the flight, company and personal data.
Hugh needs a dentist urgently. Andy recommends ProDent in the centre. Wade recommends Dr Smith. Hugh will call ProDent and arrange something for tomorrow.
Ella's mom won a hundred in the lottery. Noah wants Ella to get out.
Oli tried to get to the Circle Mall but there was no accident.
Rob and Bob are watching the game. Rob and Bob are going out for a beer on the weekend. Jim is going skiing with his family next Wednesday. Rob will invite Jim to a meetup with a few friends at a bar this weekend.
Julie and Debra are going to meet over the weekend. They will drink vodka.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle. Mike broke his leg.
David babysit at Ethan's house. He has turned his phone on.
Conrad forgot his keys. Tiffany will be home at 10-11. Rebecca will be home even later. Conrad will wait in the coffee shop.
Kasia smelled strange at her place last night. Ron didn't want to say anything about it. Clara doesn't know what it was.
Holly is not coming tonight because she caught flu. Jake was excited that everyone would be there.
Ludmila has a favorite dinosaur growing up. Jacopo will tell her why later.
Logan and Josh are going to the pub tonight. Logan wants to meet some girls.
Indiana left her phone at Liam's place.
Claire is looking for a dress for her wedding. She is looking for a dress that is not too expensive.
Victor has taken over Chris's company. Chris is still working as Director. David is expecting it to improve by the end of the year.
Patricia sent Elle a fair-trade brand. Elle will look into it.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is currently in Los Angeles. He will be back in 3 or 2 days.
Stan is going to take her to Pat&Gill's.
Miro is an Albanian who speaks Albanian with his parents. He came from Duress, Albania in the early 1990s. He was a part of the Albanian population.
Julie is home alone and she's scared. Paula will come over to her house and they will watch "When Harry Met Sally" until they fall asleep. Rose will bring cookies for the cocoa.
Lucy's little girl is 15. She has 15 years of preparation. Patricia doesn't see things as she does.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Martin are going out on Saturday. They will meet at 8 pm at the in-laws party. Tom is out. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday.
Casey did her nails herself. Amelia wants her nails done too. Kristen will do it for them too.
Kate forgot about the sociology assignment. She will work on it tomorrow.
Jamie was at school today, but Jack is sick again. Helen has a perdiatrician, doctor Tornez, who treats every case individually. Half of the class is sick.
Tim forgot to see his mum today. She's with autn Grace.
Caroline's son is 26 years old and he's a nerd. He lives at home with his mother and gramma. Caroline thinks he's an introvert and he's writing something. Caroline thinks he's writing something.
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand. He will pick up the new lamp on Tuesday.
Nestor is thinking of buying a new laptop. Nestor is thinking of buying a new laptop. Nestor is going to the mall and starting investigation tomorrow. Olaf will help Nestor.
Phil and Vic are discussing technology. Vic prefers Facebook and Twitter. Phil and Vic are interested in fitness accounts. Vic and Nancy are considering Tumblr.
Peter and Dan have seen a guy with dreads. Amanda is not convinced.
James will pick up the car after work tomorrow and pay Sue.
Jess is in a traffic jam in West Bronx.
Dima's laptop is broken and she has to deliver a translation tomorrow @ 9. Nada has taken two days off to lend her old laptop. Nada will pick up her laptop in an hour.
Kelly met more people from school. She met a man who passed the pub at 2 am. He was with someone.
Adele and Louise will come for Easter on Friday. Adele will bring chocolate eggs.
Peggy is spending a lot of time using the library computers. She might have a problem with the circuit board. Melody recommends the mac model that she has. Peggy might not bother getting her computer fixed.
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes. Janet's boss is a pain in the ass sometimes.
Mark, Anna, George and Julia are going to choose a package tour or self-organised tour.
Stanley can't go for this weekend with Del because of work. Del accused Stanley of having an affair. Stanley is finishing the analysis for the pervious one tonight. The analysis of tasks is not done yet. Alison disappeared from all the media and won't answer Stanley's phone. Stanley will divide the tasks on Bill.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her umbrella. Laura suggests calling the cafe to find out if she left it with her umbrella.
Jake applied for an accounting position at Pandora last week. He was promoted twice during these 5 years and the salary increase with each promotion is quite significant. Jake will prepare some questions about the company on the official website. He will call Catherine after the interview.
Anna will go with Fiona to a doctor tomorrow at 8 a.m.
Dan washed his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner and Dan will do it himself.
Linda is cooking curry.
Matt's homestay parents don't treat him well. They take Carlos for subway and prefer talking to Carlos. They have to pay more for electricity.
Ann is hosting Tim on Monday evening and dropping him at the railway station next morning. Katie has a good friend called Ben and Erik's wife. Ann and Katie spent a week in Saint Fargeau together 20 years ago. Ann and Katie have a son tomorrow. Ann will send a text to Tim.
Sharon's mum is angry and she's grounded. Ahmed will move in with her. Sharon's parents will stop talking to her.
Rob is not sure if he's getting dumber or this is how it feels to get older. Rob is looking at today's memes and they mostly refer to things that are either completely stupid or have no humour value. Tom wants Rob to get a girlfriend.
Mike will refill the hand sanitizer by the restrooms.
Cheryl had an argument with her mother. She forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. She got angry and started screaming. She doesn't have to move right now, but she gave her time till the end of the year.
David will pick Victor up from the airport at 17:30 at Sevilla.
Ann will buy a laptop from Josh. Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse. Ann will pick it up.
Mike did the washing up last time. Sara will do it now. Sam will join him at the cinema.
Gary is driving for Uber. He's parked waiting for a ride for his next ride. He's met a lot of people.
Leah offers Kristi a 20% discount coupon. Kristi will get accumulated money for the shopping next time.
Steve will call Sue when he gets it.
Andre and Megan are upset about the bear attack on the zoo.
Mick didn't get the confirmation emai from AES yet. Barbara has already called them.
Allison sent Alan the budget estimation for the current year, not for next year. The reason for the doubled costs in the line "other expenses" was when their boss had to come back from Japan for the convention.
Nate will be ready in 10 minutes. Liam will come in 15 minutes.
Carl will attend the championship. He will get the gearbox for his evo 10.
Terry will take Dinny's dog away before he comes.
Anastasia and Darrell are happy with their new school photos.
Kim is going to Seoul in April. She will bring some kimchi with her and Jane.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died because of malaria in Congo.
Josh lost his new sneakers last Tuesday. He's been to many places, swimming pool and fitness, but he didn't find them when they were closing. He will try to check the swimming pool.
Bella is in Warsaw today. It's 3 degrees. There are vendors selling roses. Bella will order pizza home. Bella will go to Korea this year.
Sawyer, Sutter and Wheeler are going to play a ball game tonight at 6.
Daina needs to put her make up in an hour.
Carmen will help Viola organize the wedding on Friday night.
Madeline is not happy with Martin's requests and Jada's way of dealing with his problems. She and Alex will meet tomorrow for a beer.
Betty will call Grandpa from time to time.
William will cook spaghetti alla vongole, garlic golden, wine and clams for dinner.
Maria, Alexander, Sarah and Lawrence will meet tomorrow evening at 17:15 at the IMF lecture.
Molly and Anna will go to the Muse concert in Cracow. Hannah doesn't like them.
Tabby has 2 exams next week. Laura passed all exams except one. Tabby is coming to Daisy's party on Saturday.
Becky's cat Coco is sitting on Becky's lap purring. She took 2 days to win her over. She's a gem and she's a cutie. She's trying to scratch the couch from time to time. She's not doing that yet.
Kyra's apartment number is 187. Sosie will be there in 5 minutes.
Ronnie's waste management works very well. They use three different bins: compost, recycle and trash. They use three different bins: compost, recycle and trash. They use three different bins: compost, recycle and trash. They use three different bins: compost, recycle and trash. They use three different bins: compost, recycle and trash. They use three different bins: compost, recycle and trash. They use three different bins: compost, recycle and
Tina is at work. She will call Adam when she's back home.
Natalie is pregnant.
Nick will buy lunch for Steve.
Gemma wants to invite Timmy and her date to their wedding receptions.
Millie is sick and she won't come today. Sal is sorry.
Daisy is going home. Lisa will be back before 11 pm.
Tina is almost there. She will be ready in 3 minutes.
Noah wants Sophie to collect the quince he talked about the other day. William went to collect the rest of them for him. They are in a basket on their terrace. They will stay for a couple of days. They will come home this weekend because of Alexa's wedding.
Harry will buy a white table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm for Sarah at Ikea. Sarah will buy a Daim's frozen cake and a bag of meatballs.
Cindy is sad because something happened. Ellie has seen a viral video.
Jannet and Nadia went to the disco yesterday. They will go to the disco next time.
Jeff will drive Mark's new car over his dead body.
Sue and Julie have finished their exams. They will have a little celebration tonight.
Kathy and Aunt are getting their hair cut today. Kathy and Olivia are chillin.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. He will meet with Claudia, Andy, Mark and Claudia.
Jane's mum is crying over the TV program with Phil and Holly this morning. Den invites her for tea on Friday and will bring fish and chips home after work.
Mum arrived at school. Ludo is in class 3 with Hugo and Charles. Mum will show Ludo the picture of the listing. Ludo will go to the meeting.
Phoebe needs money to pay the delivery guy standing outside Chandler's door.
Max's sister is studying in China. She speaks Chinese. Shanghai has 25 million inhabitants.
Russ will read the report David emailed yesterday and will send David remarks.
Ben is not fond of visiting uncle Steve. He's not interested in such visits. Ben will visit his uncle some other day.
Clay is in the class room.
Sean won't be able to take his car to the carwash because he has to finish his report first. They will leave earlier or get it washed somewhere on the road tomorrow.
Bert will be home at 8 o'clock. Julia will wait for him with the dinner.
Steve's dishwasher has turned up. It's nice and quiet. It's 12 place setting. Steve doesn't have to put it on every day.
Michelle is still researching. She is not satisfied with the update. Michelle installs bugs on her computer.
Bill and Joy are coming back on Thursday.
Henry is looking for a table at Kohaku. The cafe near Covent Garden is closed. Julia and Henry went to the Lilly's last week.
Olivia hasn't planned anything for the day. She should do her accounts, do her accounts, do her videos and upload them to YouTube. She also needs to do post-production. She has a copyright strike and Sony Music is taking ad revenue.
Emily broke one of Linda's green tea cups. She was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room. She was cleaning the cupboards. She made a cuppa in the green one.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin this weekend. The weather forecast is great.
Sandra is getting better and she wants to watch an action movie. Stella will take her to the cinema.
The guy is cheating on his wife. He paid for everything, but still managed to buy her a house and take extravagant vacations.
Ken is stressed because of work, fighting with Brad, and he's stressed at mom's. He's going to show Saturday night and see the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo.
Julius and Titus are going to watch the derby today.
Dexter misses Addisyn. Addisyn hasn't talked to Dexter for a long time.
Jason was absent today because of a dental appointment.
Cindy has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm. Catering will bring tea, coffee and snacks. Andy will read the agenda. Cindy booked the Hilton hotel. Cindy will have to get a cab to the airport.
Samuel ordered a mushroom pizza. The owner bribed the police. Samuel wants to go there.
Mike is thinking about going to Croatia for holiday.
Jasmine and Paola love Charlie Puth's new song. Jasmine and Paola also love Galway Girl.
Sharon will pop in to Jaz's salon at 2.30 on Sunday to sort out her roots.
Pete will be home for lunch in 20 minutes.
Kas will tidy up Laura's dreads this weekend.
Jill has done 20 or 30 hours so far. She can't do more than 3-4 per day. She has 40 hours.
James and Mia are going to the exhibition and the cinema tomorrow. Mia doesn't know Professor Evans very well. They will go to James' place and hang out together.
Rita will go tomorrow morning and let Arthur and Chae-yeong know if the readings for Stephen's seminar are available in the print shop.
Ost bought a garage place in the garage. Vesna is interested in renting it out. Ost is a big fan of the parking.
Julia will pick Hania up from the platform and they will order pizza or burgers.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin.
Lara is coming today.
Mazie and her friends are having a drink tonight. Lee spilled a drink on Sheryl.
Erin baked a cake. Zachary is busy cleaning the flat.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. He was interviewed for a hotel job. The first two were more than ok. The third interview was ok but the woman didn't like him.
Sue will send Graham dates for weekends in the Romford area. Louise wants to stay 2 half days and focus on motorways. Sue will let him know when she comes back to him.
Brett's cousin met his wife there. Brett's cousin is a member of the Final Fantasy series. Brett's cousin is a member of Brett's family. Brett's cousin is a member of Brett's family. Brett's cousin is a member of Brett's family. Brett's cousin is a member of Brett's family. Brett's cousin is a member of Brett's family. Brett's cousin is 
Rael hates her job. She doesn't have time to eat lunch. She's considering switching jobs. Zach will talk to his friends about starting a new career.
Susan had a date with a man. He picked her up from home and took her to rollerskating disco.
Joe and Pete will watch Deadpool 2 tonight.
Euodia is surprised by the new application tiktok. Domigo recommends it.
Hugh's son is cute.
Nathalie, Pauline and Tony are going to Greece for the holiday. They will be back by Aug 10 and they will see their sister's wedding.
Lori will be at Prudential in 10 minutes. She will be there in 5 minutes.
Jay is a pathological liar. He keeps talking about how he has all this money and travels all over the world. Marta found out that he lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town.
Chuck and Ally are not sure what to do on New Year's Eve. They are going to Luke's party, Bernie's party and The Spot.
Karen passed the test.
Gill needs a new peeling. She needs more power. She can make her own peeling by drinking coffee and then using the seeds and oil.
Ryan is visiting family in Manchester. Chris and Ann stayed home with Ann.
Bruce has raised 6132 dollars in the campaign.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Kate and Chris have a fight. Kate is angry every time she talks to Chris. Chris watched a programme about the refugees and went on a rant about it. Kate and Chris go out often. Kate is not sure if she can do it any more.
Celine and Mark went on skates. Mark doesn't know how to skate. Mia would like to join them.
Sarah will go to the desert this year. Lia will talk to her mum later. They are flying on the 28th.
Gene sent Jack the package on Friday. Jack should have gotten it by now. Jack will check the tracking number.
Miranda has to work 20 hours a day. Stephanie will cancel tomorrow's meeting.
Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny at Fabro-ficule.
Raymond wants to have pizza and pasta. Charlotte will come over in 10 minutes and have them. They will have the pizza and the pasta.
Dwayne has seen the new Jersey Shore season. The original cast includes Snooki, J-Wow, Pauly D, Ron, The Situation, Deena and Vinny. The Situation was having some bad legal problems. Dwayne will watch the second season.
Will is standing in a line longer than the post office itself. He thinks the line consists almost entirely of elderly people who don't have bank account and pay their bills via post office paying cash.
Tobi and Serena went to Cork last weekend. They were disappointed with the new club.
Molly, Margaret, Peter and Kai are going to Sweden for a week in January. They are afraid it will be dark and cold. Margaret bought cheap tickets half a year ago. Margaret and Peter are not sure about it. They will visit the Vasa Museum.
Frank has some things to do for the weekend. Avril is going to see horse racing. Frank will come with her.
Mel will bring Adam and Xander to Multisports this week. Xander is not keen on going, but Xand might be interested. Mel will bring Adam and Xand to the house at half 10.
Ethan is back from the gym. He will meet Ray at 8 pm. He will pick up the kids.
Diana is going for hip-hop workshop. Frann will join her. There is a form to fill in at the bottom. They will meet in a week.
Pam lost her phone. She went shopping and left it on the counter. She talked to every store she visited and nothing happened. She can post someone's phone number.
A man got beaten and mugged on campus. The beaten man is in the hospital. The beaten man is in the hospital.
Nathan and Deborah are going to take the girls on a trip to the forest tomorrow. They will meet at home and have a quick bite. They will buy syrup for travel sickness.
Alexander, Igor and Alexander are going to Mr Linda's lecture tomorrow. They will meet near the university to work out a plan.
Javier wants to get a tattoo in Colombia. Judie's girlfriend has a tattoo done there. She paid 1000.
Jessica and Michael are coming to the hotel on the 15th of August. They will be at the hotel around 2 pm.
Marsha, John and Mohammad are planning a trip to Madagascar. They will stay at a hotel in Nosy Be.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow, live in London now. He came from Loughborouogh, Loughborouogh and the atoms in the air that he breathe or the food he eats.
Joanna needs to get the coffie stains out of her dress. Ethel recommends leaving it at the dry-cleaner's.
Charlie will have a pizza with Anna tonight.
Kris is dying. Ovi and Jason are running around the city in the cold. Nadine will visit her clinic.
Leticia lost her wallet and needs to borrow it. Miranda will lend her 10$.
Paula hasn't got the paper from the office yet. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon.
Ben and Steven will have pizza tonight at Marco's.
Terence took Daniel's money. Daniel is upset.
Lucy will have to throw the garbage out.
Vinny will lend Willy a Mustang and a red one. They will carpool together a couple of days a week.
Lindsey has just finished her class. She asked a girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her. Last week she did the same.
Dory's friend is coming over the weekend. She will stay for around a week. Jason has purchased the app to video and edit and Lucy has a script. They're almost done.
Michelle and Jared like Kelly. Michelle doesn't want to ask Kelly out.
Reeve, Booker and Trish are going to Dominicana for a winter break. They are going to book a hotel for 3 nights.
Alex and Zayna will meet at 8 pm at Zayna's place.
Grace didn't talk to Audrey at the party last night. Grace is excited about graduating soon. She's considering taking a year off.
Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake.
Jair will send Dixie Jason's phone number. Ethan will send Dixie in a minute.
Amanda watched parks and rec. Amanda doesn't like Amy Poehler. Vincent recommends Amanda to watch the show again.
Bob bought a game and wants to play with Harry. Harry has a broken car and a shitty job.
Randal bought everything except the nail polish. There are all pink ones. The one on the left is fuschia and the other one is taffy. The shop assistant is looking at Randal weird.
Pat is not a soccer fan. Pat likes baseball and hockey. Mike and Pat will meet up one day.
Nate is overbooked. He has to create a new file and feed the data into the tables himself.
Farrah shared her collection with the class. Enrique and his 4th grade students will come back to see it. Farrah will give Enrique her name and number to the teacher.
Thomas and Zoey are in the tropics. They are staying healthy. On Sunday Thomas had a walk around the summit of Belchen.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda will meet at the main entrance at 6.
Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow. Daniel is fed up with Paris. Emma and Daniel will meet at Emma's place by 9 am. They will not have any parties tonight.
Breann and Dianne will get a 10% coupon code for new customers when they buy pet huts.
Hugh and Wanda will make the pizza when they arrive.
The next ASEEES conference will take place in San Francisco. The last conference there in 1993 was criticised for the high costs of traveling to the place.
Finn's order number is 45678. Finn's package has left the warehouse and will be delivered tomorrow.
Rhonda will send the content for the November email blast to Precious.
Derek McCarthy is almost out of charge and he has a power pack but forgot his cable. Tommy will borrow a cable from his wife at 67 glenoaks close. Tommy will give it to Derek McCarthy.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. She will give Derek her keys on Thursday.
Laura, Kelsey, Oona and Sid are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10 PM.
Rob is going to start Get off the couch challenge. Greg, Will and Anna are going to join him.
Bennett and Cynthia are going to a new bistro. They will bring their dogs and food.
Amanda is on the train in Arezzo. Lorenzo will call the guy from airbnb and take the keys. Amanda will wait for Will and Will inside the room. Lorenzo is in the room. Amanda liked the movie.
Booker will bring his Xbox console with him.
Laura's mother passed away this morning. Kristian and Anne will visit Laura.
Keith and Adam are sad about the cafes by the river that got damaged with the flods.
Ana and Carlos are going to see Lola Arias' play about the Malvinas at Ana's place on Saturday. Carlton will join them.
John sent Henry a picture of his poop. Henry never constipated. Henry should write it on his Tinder profile "Never really constipated".
Mary and Patricia are flying to Japan in a week. Patricia is afraid of earthquakes and tsunamis. James thinks that the next tsunami in Japan will happen at the coast.
Linda will buy some plants for her garden.
Drade's brother got out of the group chatting room. Marenda wants him to apologize and send the invitation to him.
Kate broke her arm and is sent to the hospital. Greg and Mel advise Kate to call Linda or ask someone at the reception.
Charlie's sister passed her last exam on her Uni. Charlie and Frank will go out tonight.
Bella will come to Clara's place after 7:30. She will bring a snack. Bella will park along the road.
Amanda and Jose wish each other merry Christmas and a happy new year. Ricky is excited to go to Cuba in 2019.
Susan and Rob will have dinner together tomorrow after work.
Denise will take units 2 and 3 for the test tomorrow.
Steph likes the lighting in Ikea. She needs proper hangers for the copper lamps.
Peter needs to talk to Anna. Anna is still at work. Peter will call her in 20 minutes.
Jesse broke his razor.
Patrick's phone number is +44 7700 900077.
Uncle Sam has just come back from work. Dad told them he was in hospital. Yvonne is dating a hot Argentinian.
Thomas will buy butter for Jack. He's making mushroom soup.
Debbie will bring Helen her laptop to work. Helen has a presentation today.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday. It's dying. Boston took a photo of it.
John and Annie are coming back to London. John lost his job in Germany and his team got liquidated. He got a better offer from a different IT company in London. He will have to search for a new flat. Annie is angry with the decision. Amber will stay with them until she finds a new flat.
Vicky will meet Audrey, Ludovica, Greg and Brandon at Fratellis at 7.30pm. Michelle will be there in 10 minutes. Ryan will bring Audrey to Fratellis.
Kaylin sent Amir a video of Cynthia with crazy hair. Amir doesn't feel like tomorrow. Kaylin set three alarms.
Keira is mad at her sister who is grounded for the month.
Natacha will pick Charles up at the RER at 5:30 pm. Charles will call Natacha when he arrives at the station Vesinet.
Simon will fetch Helen tissues.
A blizzard is going to happen. Tom went hiking in the mountains with his friends. They rented a cabin in the wild.
Lucy and her besties will go to the gig together. Maggie will come to Lucy's house at 6 pm.
Jake and Rose will talk about Christmas gifts when they get home.
Jake used to think minimalism was bullshit. Martha thinks it's a good idea to buy durable stuff. Martha thinks it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy.
Albert passed the driving exam.
Ravi's mother has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years. She has been taking care of herself. She has tried naturopathy and tried everything. She prefers to stay at home most of the time.
Lynn is angry with her old boyfriend for rubbing his old saggy balls all over her. Steviee and Wilbur are not convinced.
Alice has a flu. She's sick and needs more medicine. She hasn't taken any vaccine.
Sandra left her Milla's present at Marco's place yesterday. She will bring it over to Marco's party.
Steve is starving. Mum will wrap something up for him.
Zariah has a big pain in her back. She has had it almost every day since earlier.
James misses Hannah. Hannah has to get up early for work tomorrow. James will pick her up at 8 on Saturday.
Rachel and Caron will meet at Red Lion at 8 tonight.
Victor is busy this Saturday. Sara wants Victor to help with the event.
Wendy has grown prettier since she came from Houston. Dave will hit on her soon. Jerry is Wendy's lover.
George will call Patricia in an hour or so.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He's waiting in Luxembourg now.
Lena is angry with the new professor. Brian will not do the homework. Lena will see Brian tomorrow at philosophy class.
Elvina and Booth went to the local theatre Smbd. They were invited to the theatre with actors and stage.
Callum is still busy.
Jacob is not on his way. Emily is waiting for him. Jacob will reach the parking lot at 10.9.1
Ella met up with Chuck on Friday. Holly made a story up. Molly is going to kill Chuck.
Borns' new album is amazing. Rita is pumped for Florence's new single tomorrow.
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. She made sushi and tiger prawn korma. Amanita suggests she should cook more.
Haley found an old photo of Bella, a kitten, on her computer. She's about 2 weeks old.
Jeff and Miranda are worried about the economic situation in the US. Jeff and Miranda are not an economist. Jeff and Miranda are worried about the global economy and the EU.
Alexa asked Ethan to insult Hunter. Hunter will ask Alexa not to do something if she doesn't want him to do it.
Ann is at school. She will be home at 7 and she will meet Meg at 7.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because Emma has a fever. She needs to take her to the doctor. She's sleeping now.
Adam has a gossip about Iga's boyfriend. Iga cancelled the weekend getaway with her boyfriend because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation.
Tim is not called Anna. Samuel is 35. Tim is called Thammu.
Pete will look for Pear flavour yogurt. Jen doesn't like any other flavour.
Eve, Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance.
Jenkin is a dolphin. Jenkin will bring the dolphins over tomorrow.
Daisy forgot to send Scarlett her RGS application. She will send it to Scarlett now.
Katie and Christie are tired after the party.
Carla is working tomorrow. She will meet Sam at 2 in the afternoon at Meanwood cafe.
Lily needs to rent a pop corn machine for their office Christmas party. Daniel will check if he can rent it.
Louis is on a boring meeting. He wants to buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding. Sara suggests that they have a list of what they need.
Chris tried jogging today. Matt is taking pills that slow his heart rate. Chris is trying to analyse his performance.
Dan has watched Punisher season 2. He liked the first one but the second one did some things better. Eric thinks Netflix discontinued Daredevil.
Geri is looking for new shoes. Hilary bought some at the mall yesterday. Geri and Hilary will go to the mall tomorrow after work to buy some frozen yogurt.
Jacob and Alex are surprised by the news that top management is coming from France next week. They are going to have a formal dress code and a cost savings.
Joana will bring some games to Sandy.
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday at 8th Avenue in Barcelona.
John and Matt will have practice today.
George is coming.
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it on his desk ready for the first listening.
Alex is craving milk. Martin bought two milks yesterday. Alex will finish the project in a couple of hours.
Hansel's sister is mad at him. Hansel will tell her back but next time he won't interfere.
Joy sends Peter the link of her beauty shop. Peter will look at it.
Josh and Emma went to New Year's Eve party at Josh's place. They had some wine and played board games. They went to the seaside, visited some clubs and ended up on the beach for midnight.
Andy is working late till 4 and will be there by 8.
Stewart and Shari are angry at the Democrat who criticizes the forest department. Stewart will vote for someone else but he will be a Democrat.
Lydia added him to Facebook. He accepted her invitation. He still texts her. Lydia is trying to ignore him. Camila thinks Lydia should talk to him.
Daria got a new job for a law firm.
Boris will deny Sarah's request for a PTO. Sarah will have a long weekend with her family. Boris will come to Sarah at his earliest convenience to explain the situation.
Blair and Chuck are meeting the wedding planner at Nonna Rita's after work. They will order seafood tagliatelle and have coffee with her.
Alan sent Ruth an email. Ruth hasn't replied yet. Alan sent her an attachment.
Oscar and Payne will meet at Tristano's in half an hour.
Frank and Hope love each other.
Gina painted a parrot yesterday. Luke will send Gina a PDF file.
Tina and Steve will meet in the car park to do some shopping.
Rudi and Henrietta are angry at Trump for saying something about a congresswoman.
Luis is in the same room as Cole. Luis is not going to talk to Cole now.
Daniel passed his driving license exam.
Samuel Anderson and Katherine Jackson won't come to the meeting. They will meet in Andrew Simmons' office room 104.
Rosie is better today but not good.
Veronica doesn't speak French.
Emily is waiting for her doctor. A nun and a blind crazy man are waiting with her.
Frank will transport the aquarium to Sarah and Lisa.
Conor will bring Mario a bucket of fries from KFC.
Inga has sent Ditty some mail. Andy was emptying her letter box. Inga collected a parcel for Ditty before Christmas. Hans is at home in the afternoon. Ditty will come over to collect it.
Higuain scored twice in the Chelsea game. Jacob and Mason were busy all afternoon.
Jay is going to Kenya to buy tickets for the Diamond concert. Joe doesn't have cash to buy tickets. Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany them.
Robyn exaggerated with beer last night. She took drugs.
Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and he might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time.
Gino is going to wear black trousers and brown shoes.
James is driving to Richard's place. He will be ready at 6:15.
Caleb sent Ella a picture of Maya playing a mouse in a school play.
Marco will sign the attendance form when he arrives.
Josh and Michelle are going to the movies tomorrow night at 7.
Yaz and Tania are going to a pub on Friday at 8 o'clock. Yaz is going to Manchester for 4 months and he needs high grades for his course.
Anna is depressed because she studies too much. She finds it depressing to face reality. Jerry finds it depressing to look for positives.
Robin is looking for information about The Bulls Eye poker platform. Jacks played on it several times and made a few bucks on it. He will send Robin links to some good sites.
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about how he's been a great friend over the years. He's nervous about it.
Edward doesn't want to go on a business trip tomorrow. Lauren is stressed. Kate is going to an expo.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Gabriel has quit the office about a month ago. Gabriel is at home looking into what he's doing next.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Becky's school called. Susan needs Tom to pick her up. Tom will pick her up and take her to his mother's house.
Noah and Leo are going to see Solstafir on Wednesday at 21.11.
Marleen will be leaving in half an hour to go to town. Barry will buy kerchiefs for Rita at Kaiser's for 39. They will go 50/50.
Johnatan, Darren and Lucas are going for a beer. Lucas is free in the evening.
Tricia is sending Erwin to get the cake for Tam's birthday. Zandra has 4 children. Tricia has all decorations and food.
Laura didn't get any replies. Raf forgot to text her back. Sarah is on Linate.
Adam is going to the exam in 10 minutes. Dave and Adam are nervous.
Paul will be home late, so Lena will not wait for him. Paul will call Lena in 15 minutes and he will tell her.
Bob and Nigel like Felix Laband. Nigel went to the concert last night when he was in Paris.
Bradley and Jill are watching a video of a cat in the pitch at Goodison.
Ewan graduated from his uncle's.
Daniel is packing for the trip. Michael advises him to pack his passport. Brian will pack his passport.
Ross and Chandler are going to do karaoke tonight. Chandler will record everything.
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon. They don't like parties. They like to travel and see sights.
Gyle is on his way home.
Kate and Regina had a good presentation. They had 3 people listen to them.
Zac is on his way. Barbara will come over to Sean's place overnight.
Kyle is going out tonight. He's working for his uncle Kev at the building site. He's going to ask Kev about the job. Kyle will ask his brother to get them some vodka and cigs.
Dick and Frank are going to see the apt in building 32. They will meet in 30 minutes to plan the room.
Steven and Mia will meet at 8 pm to eat Chinese food before the movie starts.
Lilly and Marshall can't go out tonight because money is low. They will watch Netflix together.
James is out of the team. Tony is angry because the coach is annoying.
Priscilla bought Microsoft Office software online. Alex downloaded Open Office and other programs and put them on a CD. Priscilla will tell Alex to get her something.
Rita needs information about Salvage Industries. Helen will check if they have no PR problems.
Ginger needs sugar for a pie. Phylis is baking a pie. Ginger will come to Phylis.
Anthony will go with Andrew to a beer later. Robert is with his kids now. Anthony will go with Andrew later around 9. Anthony is taking his lady for a date.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job. Nate is still at work. He will call Jill when he gets off work.
Jake pulled a TOTW this year. He will try him in one or two matches. He's not a good fit for his squads. Tom likes shiny things.
Rosemary and Victoria will record the drums this weekend. Victoria has a tablet with 2GB ram. Rosemary will borrow it from someone.
Jordan got his birthday card and money on time. He still likes Thomas the Tank Engine. He will buy him a football one next time.
Jane may be 10 minutes late. Alex will be waiting for her. Jane took the file with the xerox copies.
Ken is depressed and stressed out today. Ellen is not doing well.
Deana received a card from Constantine. She found the sunglasses she had left in the empty place above the radio. Deana and Adrian will look after the sunglasses.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month. Kim's mum is here and Alice's parents are there. They will be there on Friday after 8 pm. Alice has her yoga class at 6:30. She will be back home about 8 pm.
Jessica is going to start with Palermo in Italy. She will start with the Capuchin Catacombs with 8000 corpses. Mickey and Ollie are going to write down the first question.
Spencer is working at the call centre. He works 16 hours a week at the cafe and has the rest of the week working on his illustrations. He earns around £1000 a month, before commission and tax. He has a lot of work to do.
Tim is inviting a few people from work over for a boardgames evening. Joe advises him to start games before drinking. Joe recommends co-op games like Arkham Horror, Robinson Crusoe, Pandemic and Codenames.
Richard and Holy are meeting at Starbucks down 8th street after 3 pm to start planning out their project. Holy will be back on Monday but will do some research tonight.
Gurdun is feeling better. He will be back at the university this week. He has a headache and a headache. He has a team win the last match.
Leo sends Charlie a video of a prank. Charlie is not interested in it.
Mummy and Mike wish Thess and Mike a happy Christmas.
JP has to go to work.
Michael can't make it today. He can't leave the office before 8 pm. He will call Tom tomorrow.
Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work.
Simon and Charlie are discussing the immigration policy in Europe. Simon and Charlie are discussing the Polish situation.
Tilly has been detained for 40 minutes. She will be home in 40 minutes. Sam will call her when she is home.
Mell and Gloria are going to have a barbecue at Gloria's place on Saturday. Mell will do the food and drinks and Gloria will get them dessert.
Whitney will take Hailey to I-max cinemas. Shadrack and his girlfriend will accompany them.
George got a cooking pot for Christmas. Jenny got training shoes. George is normally cooking.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. He will buy a new one and let him know if it works.
Katherine will bring her daughter at 11 am. Kayla will ask her dad to come later.
Lorena needs help with the assembly of a new desk. Martin will help her tomorrow.
Everett introduced Ralph to Amy at the pub last week. Ralph is tall, brown haired and funny. Everett will give Ralph his phone number.
Ross has to work for 2 hours tonight. He will be tired after all hat work. He will be tired after 3 hours.
Ed is against sex. Valerie, Chris, Lor and Atnee are against it.
Cristina and Gaya will meet at her studio next week to discuss the shoot.
Matt, Tony and Tony are going to see Bon Jovi in Warsaw next July. The tickets are very expensive. They're sold out.
Dan splits everyone equally. Ashley, Ken, Sara, Ken, Vicky and Eric cooked their own chicken and asparagus. Gerardo removed them from the transaction.
Harper and Camila are going to watch Ugly Truth tonight.
Harry will be late for the birthday party. Half of the guests are already there. Peter is stuck in a traffic.
Callan's Samsung S8 has a black screen. He will go to the store and let them see it. He will back up his files.
Mike is in London.
Andrea can't come to work today because her son is sick. Patrick will take care of his son.
Phil is in the shop. He is standing in a huge queue. Nancy will make an apple pie for Phil.
Bryan's manager will send the payment to Piper tonight.
Pogba scored a strike after his first 60 minutes.
Sybille's son's online registration for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris has been postponed. Sybille's son cannot get his flight yesterday. Sybille's son is 16 years old and he has to sleep in the airport. Sybille's son can't get his flight. Sybille's son can't share his payment. Sybille's son can't get his flight.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara will book a flight today before it gets more expensive.
Hans will come to the practice now. Slade will bring the ball.
Holt's sister is 21 years old. She will get DVDs and cosmetics for her birthday.
Georgia will wear the dress at parties.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow. Aaron wants some holiday already.
Greg is coming for a business trip soon and would stay for two nights longer in BG. Nina will pick him up from work.
Beyonce tweeted a picture of herself.
Alexa hasn't seen the last America's Got Talent. Alec recommends watching it. Alexa hopes the girl will win the edition.
Kelly hasn't received the rent money. John sent it to someone else's account last week. Kelly needs the rent money. John will go to the bank tomorrow and ask if they can re-send it to the right account.
James is not watching the game. He is going to work.
Lilian's phone battery died. She called her mother and told them she's at Helen's place.
Simon will sing at the school concert on Friday. He will send Freddy three backing tracks.
Tommy's mum picked him up from the station. He will take a bus to go fishing. Wayne will send Tommy the pictures.
Tobias and Trevor will meet at 9 at Trevor's place.
Autumn hasn't seen Israel for a month because the dress wouldn't sew itself. She hasn't shown Israel a dress yet.
Frances and Henny had a great New Year's Eve at the farm house in the Vosges. They had a great week there. They cooked some food and had meals in a local restaurant.
Paula hates the game with super hard levels. She tried looking up cheats online.
Calum is looking for a job as a computer investigator. Bethany is not sure if she will get the job.
Jackie's sister got pregnant. She is worried about her. Her brother-in-law earns enough money for his kids.
Sean and Joseph are going to the lecture tomorrow morning. They are going to sleep, but they don't want to share their notes with Sean.
Anna has a stomachache. She ate cereal with milk and banana for breakfast. She will get her mum a hot tea with mint leaves.
Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow.
Kate and Jeff are in the little room next to the reception. Kate noticed a woman making a cake with a penis with balls and chocolate hair. She is working in the small room under the stairs.
Larry and Kirsten are going to vote on a resolution on risk mitigation. Larry wants to see a menorah in the lobby next year.
Chloe will go to Megan's house tonight. Her dad has to work late tonight. She will come home and let her out.
Tobias' wallet is in Natalie's room.
Phil is on his way from one client to another. Rob will be in his office first thing tomorrow morning.
Martin and Nicole are going to meet in person. Nicole is busy at work. Martin is asexual.
Mike has an allergy.
David wants a new tattoo. Mike will get one with David.
William is making spaghetti. Olivia will buy fresh tomatoes and Beth will have chocolate for after the dinner.
Karen is stuck in the road from the swimming pool to Waitrose. Peter is leaving at 6 at the earliest. He has to finish a presentation for the repairs team tomorrow. Eileen wanted him to do it.
Matt and Nick have an internet connection. Nick usually uses his mobile service. Matt will let Nick know when he remembers.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to the match next week. Gabriel's tutor wants to join them.
Mia, Jennifer, Karine and Peter are angry with Trump. They are worried about the stupid wall.
Madison saw a offer today. Tickets cost a lot, but the rest is cheap. For children under 12 - 50% off.
Tina is hating men and wants to learn how to transfer from hating them to fucking them. Demi suggests Tina organize workshops on that. Tina is currently hating men. Demi suggests Tina to meet with her.
Nanna broke her leg. Winnie will visit Freddie and Mummy and Daddy soon.
Mark will buy tickets for Clint, Phil and Mark to see Batman. New Beginning this Saturday at 7 pm.
Andy has done some tests on the mould in Betty's spare bedroom upstairs and in the dinign room. Betty is worried about the moisture in the house. Andy recommends a fan system, or PIV system, which would circulate air to dilute and take some moisture out of the air. Andy will send Betty a detailed quote for the work by Friday.
Warren locked the door.
Aaron is giving two lectures at the Sesame Street conference about relations at school. He will also be a host there. He will also be looking for coffee, biscuits and snacks. He will also be a speaker at Jo's lecture on teamwork. He will also be a host at Jo's workshop on teamwork.
Rob wants to sell his flat. Kate wants to buy it. Rob has a friend who is moving to another city. Rob wants to sell his flat ASAP.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function. He might not come. Evan will try to make Ethan come.
Daisy is in Naples. She took a ferry yesterday. Charlie is going to meet Daisy again. Daisy is going to Florence from 1st to 5th September. Charlie will take a train to Florence.
Adele is listening to a song Kode recommended her. Kode will come to Adele's home and give her the whole album in USB.
Ian dumped Claire years ago. He doesn't know Claire. He met Claire for the first time 1,5 years ago.
Violet is going on vacation and she's afraid of waxing. Paisley has been in a waxing salon once and he's not going back. Violet is going to get brazilian waxing. Paisley recommends shaving with the grain.
Suzy reminds Linda to follow her on Instagram.
Sean reminds Rick of the deadline for trades today. Rick wants John to lose a player and Nick not to get Lamar Jackson. John might have a way to drop the QB rule next year.
Lisa is interested in the diet Amelia's mother was on.
Carrie has just returned from Fantastic Beast. Gina and Alex are satisfied with the movie. Alex is thinking of going to see it this weekend.
Emily's favourite colour is blue.
Mary lives in Southampton. She moved there in December.
Shanon, Victor, Oliver and Sid are happy about the news that their teacher got fired and thrown out of school.
Alex likes the flash because it can do almost anything. Pedro thinks Batman can run as fast as Batman.
Marek found a piece of ass in a shopping mall on the escalator. Adam likes it.
Mark and Daniel are going to the casino tonight. Daniel's sister is visiting. Mark will get drinks at Mark's place.
Bart got a bad score in his economy final. Adrian doesn't study as much as he should. Bart started playing StarCraft and he wasted a lot of time. Adrian will retake the class next year.
Margot bought a bottle of nice wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne didn't buy anything yet.
Lindsay and Finlay had a great time at Elliot's birthday party.
Jennifer, Jack and Reece will watch the latest movie Mad Max on Netflix tomorrow evening.
Sean is a tortoise. Tiffany is convinced he's a wasp.
Mary is back and has a baby. Susie is great.
Patti will pick up the cat later. She will pop home and fetch the cage after work.
Kate is at the grocery store. George will buy an apple for school tomorrow. 
Sam is interested in buying earphones from Lia. Lia will deliver the earphones to Sam in Garstang. The total cost is £187.
Kelly, Meghan and Mary will wear red dresses and bright red lipstick.
Kate needs Emilly's blue handbag for Monica's wedding on Friday. Emilly will bring it to the office tomorrow.
Gina will come to Monica's office to borrow a free usb.
Nathan wants to buy a stationary bike in spring. He likes 25 kilometers every day. He wants to go 100 kilometers in the summer.
Parker and Jason are discussing the arrowverse. Parker has downloaded the latest episode of arrow season 7. Jason will text Parker when it's done.
Michael is in Boston next weekend. He's been to Argentina, Brazil and Chile for 2 weeks. He's in London for 2 weeks. He's thinking of resigning earlier. He's not happy in his job. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Carol got some fruit from her garden. Jacob will pick up the fruits Wednesday at 6 pm.
Molly can't think anymore today. Luca is trying to keep up.
Janette has mice in her kitchen.
Lawrence is not finished with the article yet. He will be in a few minutes. The piece is needed by today.
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat. She doesn't want to eat with them anymore. Ronald will call her when she gets back.
Guido has trouble understanding Agata's Facebook posts. Agata's husband doesn't complain about her new job.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet in 2 weeks. They have a flight and stuff planned. Luz will be there on 20th December, 4 PM. Luz hasn't told his mum yet.
Sam started the career mode in FIFA 19 years ago.
Damian is hungry and wants Ethan to buy him a kebab. Ethan will buy it for Damian.
Adam's plane was rescheduled and will arrive one hour later. Hannah will prepare something for dinner tomorrow. Adam will be there in less than 24 hours.
Matthew has a cold. He's feeling pain. Lisa will help him fight it.
Joyce will take the car to the mechanic. Kyle will get Harry by bus.
Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet. She has 4 boxes so far.
Susan and Toby went on a romantic weekend. They stayed in a 4-star cosy hotel near the beach. They spent most of their time walking along the seaside. Toby proposed to Susan.
Eva is having fun with her grand daughter Linta. Eva will leave Linta with her for a day and drop her tomorrow. Jones loves Linta and he won't be able to sleep without playing with her.
Jack is 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Melissa is not ok with men acting like pigs and grabbing her whenever they feel like it. Hailey had a friend get yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her and said "Ladies first". Christine and Holly are not ok with men acting like pigs. Michelle is not one of those fruit loop "feminists" who speak for her. Michelle loves their strong real men.
Zoe sends Frank a video of Frank and Zoe's relationship.
Josie is interested in Foucault's Pendulum. She read Salman Rushdie's review of Pendulum.
Evan has the flu and will cancel his lesson tomorrow. He will be off college since Tuesday.
Amanda and Patrick are going to a concert in the city park around 9 pm. They will go out together.
Bobby is annoyed by pharmaceuticals, medicine and drugs. He found a youtube video of a doctor explaining it's not an illness. He thinks they're selling mints as medical products.
Greg has notes from statistics but hiss is not better than Dave's.
Mark is going out in a sec. Sally is not coming along. Mark will pick her up. Sally has already got all her spells and stuff.
Joy and Sandy are going for a run on Friday at 11 am. Sandy is going for a run. Lina found the dresses nice but Sandy thinks Lina's dresses are too much cleavage.
It's raining. Val and Candy will wait half an hour and then call Candy.
Ted kept plasters until this morning after his shower.
Lily and Mary will meet at facetime in 10 minutes.
Taylor's parents are away, so she will be at her house tomorrow at 8 PM. Harry is in.
Sierra hasn't received the grant yet. Jeremy hasn't checked even though he hasn't checked. Sierra will lend Tomas some money if he needs it.
Charles and Camilla are going to the German markets this weekend. Charles is going to visit the German markets. Camilla will try the mulled wine. Charles has a hangover.
Zoe and Xiara didn't apply for the RGS grant last year. Pamela will check the RGS website.
Colin has a news that Ava would be interested in. Ava is 158 cm tall. Penguins have an average height of 162 cm when they stand up.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Vaughn got a 65.
There was an emergency at school today. Three engines and ambulance were called.
Perry, Marlow, Janet and Forster are planning a holiday in Asia in September. They will meet tomorrow at 8 pm at the cinema.
Lee is scared and confused about the Russians coming. He has a presentation with a Russian soldier. He pre-purchased RoS CE. He will get Wings, Demon Hunter and Heroes of the Storm.
Boris is not home right now. Boris will tell Brian to take care of the clothes hanging outside.
Barry is going to march in Women's strike. Jake, Dave and Kelly will join him. They will meet around the campus at noon.
Laurel and John will meet tomorrow at Jade's collection at around 5 pm to buy a birthday gift for Diana.
Rachel has a new cat named Portia. She's taking medication to treat her allergies.
Mark's wedding is on the next day. There will be an after party at Mark's house. Kristina and Bart are going.
Russel and Diana will buy a present for mum.
Penny and Owen are talking about Amy. They should meet her in person.
Rachel and Wai are going to the museum at 4 pm. They will meet at the main entrance and go to a bar. They will decide which project will be assigned to them later.
Robert is not in town.
Dorothea's birthday is today. She's going to meet Tom and eat something in the town. Elena and Dorothea will meet on Saturday.
Derek is not good at memes. Jules and Derek have class tomorrow.
Ainsley won't help Jane with her thesis. He has a cold and he's sneezing every 2 seconds.
Lydia's legs are amazing. She doesn't consider it sexist or offensive.
Mick is doing a lot of student exchanges. He's going to Da Club with his friends for Halloween. Amka won't dress up. Mick has a grandma with health issues. Amka is going to stay in.
Karine and Jessie were at kindergarten.
Mae hopes to have the dress soon.
Fiona is in love with Conrad. She can't do anything for an hour or two after class. She's in love with Conrad. Wanda advises Fiona to do something about it.
The situation in Kongo is terrible now. The money involved is too much. The elections were not done properly.
Margaret and Evans will meet on 4th and 11th in December. They will meet on 14th.
Bradley is busy at work. Joanne will contact him.
Pete got a 1 interview for Iris' husband. Iris' parents are glad that Pete found him a decent man.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. Ken has absorbed Jul's extra cost and added her to the group. Gerardo will ask the peeps leaving early to stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month.
Ola is running late. She should be free by 8. Kurt will call her.
Conny did some research on the internet and found nothing. He will go to the library to do his research.
Louis and Archie are sharing a photo of Melanie.
Carly and Cindy are angry at her.
Kirsten and Alex are going bowling on Friday at 7 pm.
Sam doesn't like him. He's shy and looks at Cathy when she doesn't see him. Sam will talk to him tomorrow.
Jess dreamt she was a lion tamer last night. She's not sure if she should go to Africa this summer or meet a handsome zookeeper. Lynn believes that dreams reflect our subconsciousness.
Charles is gluten intolerant. He has a blood test. He has a lactose allergy. He has a different diet.
Ulysses got an A and Peter got an B. Martha can check her grades online.
Ralph and Andrew are discussing a Polish joke.
Linda missed the train. She will return to Amsterdam in one hour.
Martha will buy the same lenses from Crazy Lenses.
Linda wants to buy flowers for her mum. She's on a flower market. Michael sends her some pictures.
Tim is running late. Gary will be there about twenty past.
Marcus will pick Mark from the airport on Thursday at 4 pm. Marcus has a meeting at 1. Marcus can't make it. Anna will call Mark and give him Marcus' number.
Joanna is hospitalized because she has measles. She will get vaccinated before work on 18th.
Louisa will bring Thelma her red velvet dress.
Joseph will take his car to the opera.
Carl is waiting for Meg. Meg needs 5 minutes more.
Kim is looking for programmers. Ben is having a down time. Tonight Kim will call Ben to ask him about pizza with coke.
Stanley is dead. Oliver and Jack are surprised.
Maria is tired of her job.
Ryanair cancelled flights affecting 400,000 more passengers. Erin, Nathan, Elijah and Ava are all unlucky. Luke booked another flight with easyjet.
Rachel's aunt was in an accident. She's bruised but she's fine. The jackass was speeding and didn't see the red light. He will pay for the rehabilitation.
Monica got drunk and became friendly with Ross. Monica is pregnant. Ross is married.
Luke got his ass kicked surfing today. He got 0 waves, 3 wipeouts and 1 surfboard to the head. Low tide is 2:22PM tomorrow. Luke will be out there. Eric and Eric think that mid tide is the best.
Benjamin missed Friday night's basketball game. He was unable to attend because his mom is sick. The score at the end of the game was 101-98. Benjamin will go to the next game next weekend.
The audition starts at 7.30 PM at Antena 3 station.
Marta clicked something by accident.
Cora and Ellie are discussing the meeting and greet with James Charles in Birmingham. They are surprised that a "virtually unknown" youtube user gathered 8000 fans.
Rachel shares the top 50 best films of 2018. Janice has watched almost all 50 films. Spencer has watched Deadpool 2 and Avengers.
